feat: Review security monitor caveat DOCS-593 (#1849)
codacy/docs: docs/repositories/security-monitor.md

    <tr>
      <td style="display: none;"></td>
      <td><strong>Codacy can't determine if all security code patterns in this category are turned on or not</strong><br/><br/>

>           This happens when you use configuration files to control which code patterns are turned on, when the tool is disabled, or when it's a <a href="../../repositories-configure/local-analysis/client-side-tools/">client-side tool</a>. Ensure that you manually turn on the listed code patterns in your configuration files, that the tool is enabled, and check if the tool should run client-side.</td>

Author: ```suggestion
          This happens when you use configuration files to control which code patterns are turned on, when the tool is disabled, or when it's a <a href="../../repositories-configure/local-analysis/client-side-tools/">client-side tool</a>. Ensure that you manually turn on the listed code patterns in your configuration files, that the tool is enabled, and check if the tool runs client-side.</td>
```
